v2.4 release notes edits (#6708)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-2.4.md

### Administrators

- Nautobot 2.4 [drops support for Python 3.8](#removed-python-38-support), so any existing Nautobot deployment using Python 3.8 will need upgrade to a newer Python version **before** upgrading to Nautobot v2.4 or later.
- Administrators should familiarize themselves with the new [Event Publication Framework](#event-publication-framework) and the possibilities it enables for improved monitoring of Nautobot operations and integration with distributed automation platforms.

> - Administrators of Kubernetes-based Nautobot deployments should familiarize themselves with the new [capabilities](#kubernetes-job-execution-and-job-queue-data-model) that Nautobot v2.4 provides for Job execution in such environments and may wish to update their Nautobot configuration to take advantage of these capabilities. Please note that this feature set is considered Experimental in v2.4.0 and is subject to change in future releases.

Reviewer: We need to change this somehow since we changed the header below maybe?
```suggestion
- Administrators of Kubernetes-based Nautobot deployments should familiarize themselves with the new [capabilities](#kubernetes-job-execution-and-job-queue-data-model-(experimental)) that Nautobot v2.4 provides for Job execution in such environments and may wish to update their Nautobot configuration to take advantage of these capabilities. Please note that this feature set is considered Experimental in v2.4.0 and is subject to change in future releases.
```

Reviewer: Same comment for all the references to the older headers.

- Job authors should be aware of the ability to log [`success`](#job-success-log-level) messages in Nautobot v2.4.0 and later and should adopt this log level as appropriate.
- Job authors should be aware of the introduction of [Job Queues](#kubernetes-job-execution-and-job-queue-data-model) as a general-purpose replacement for the Celery-specific `Job.task_queues` attribute, and if a Job specifies its preferred `task_queues`, should verify that the queue selected as its `default_job_queue` after the Nautobot upgrade is correct.

## Release Overview

### Added

> #### Virtual Device Context Data Models

Reviewer 2: Same comment here re alphabetization of subsections.

Author: Same editorial review as above, I also tried to logically group some things, like all of the Jobs related items, etc.

#### Wireless Data Models

Nautobot 2.4 adds the data models [`WirelessNetwork`](../user-guide/core-data-model/wireless/wirelessnetwork.md), [`RadioProfile`](../user-guide/core-data-model/wireless/radioprofile.md), and [`SupportedDataRate`](../user-guide/core-data-model/wireless/supporteddatarate.md), enabling Nautobot to model campus wireless networks. In support of this functionality, the [`Controller`](../user-guide/core-data-model/dcim/controller.md) and [`ControllerManagedDeviceGroup`](../user-guide/core-data-model/dcim/controllermanageddevicegroup.md) models have been enhanced with additional capabilities as well.

Refer to the [Wireless](../user-guide/core-data-model/wireless/index.md) documentation for more details.

#### Apps Marketplace Page and Installed Apps Page Tile View

> Nautobot v2.4 introduces the Apps Marketplace, containing information about available Nautobot Apps. In addition to that, the Installed Apps page has recieved an overhauled tile-view option, in-line with the Apps Marketplace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nautobot v2.4 introduces the Apps Marketplace, containing information about available Nautobot Apps. In addition to that, the Installed Apps page has added a tile-view option, similar to the Apps Marketplace.
```

Additionally, the `DynamicModelChoiceField` and related form fields have been enhanced to use `exclude_m2m=true` when querying the REST API to populate their options, which can in some cases significantly improve the responsiveness of these fields.

#### Singleton Jobs

Job authors can now set their jobs to only allow a single concurrent execution across all workers, preventing mistakes where, e.g., data synchronization jobs accidentally run twice and create multiple instances of the same data. This functionality and the corresponding setting are documented in [the section on developing Jobs](../development/jobs/index.md).

> 

Reviewer 2: Why removed?

Author: Not removed, just moved up.

> [Adoption of this framework](../development/apps/migration/ui-component-framework/index.md) significantly reduces the amount of boilerplate needed to define an object detail view, drives increased self-consistency across views, and encourages code reuse. It also insulates Apps from the details of Nautobot's CSS and layout (Bootstrap 3 framework), smoothing the way for Nautobot to adopt a new UI changes in the future with minimal impact to compliant apps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Adoption of this framework](../development/apps/migration/ui-component-framework/index.md) significantly reduces the amount of boilerplate needed to define an object detail view, drives increased self-consistency across views, and encourages code reuse. It also insulates Apps from the details of Nautobot's CSS and layout (Bootstrap 3 framework), smoothing the way for Nautobot to adopt UI changes in the future with minimal impact to compliant apps.
```
